Welcome back.
So you not learned a lot about callbacks and interactive components in general.
What we want to do now is test your new skills with a simple interactive components exercise.
So the main idea here is we're going to show you a dashboard and your job is going to be to recreate
it.
Keep in mind you can take two approaches to this exercise.
Either you can try on your own to recreate it or you can treat it as a Kotok lecture by jumping to the
next lecture of the solution and coding along with us.
But I would suggest that you try your best to do it all on your own.
That way when you think of a dashboard in your head you're able to implement it with Dash.
So let's show you with the finished application should look like.
OK so this is the application.
You're going to be creating as a dashboard and it's basically two main components here.
You have this slider component.
And you'll notice you have two markers here.
One to select something on the left and one to select a number on the right and the result over here
is an output of this number on the left.
Multiply by this number on the right.
So for example if I select negative two and one here whoops negative two and drag the sky over to one
then 1 times negative 2 is equal to negative 2.
But if I move this over to 3 that I get three times negative two is equal to negative six.
So I have this marker and I can't move them until I multiply the first point by the second point.
So negative 4 times negative one is for.
Now notice we haven't directly shown you how to create a range slider in this fashion where you have
two points that you can drag along what you're going to have to do is look in the documentation grab
their example and adjust it to what you need.
It's up to you what the top and bottom limit should be.
Here we've gone from negative five to six but it's really up to you.
What number limits you on this side.
The main idea here of this dashboard is that you have this range slider.
You can choose a left point on it and a right point on it and it will give you the first point multiplied
by that last point.
So in this case negative three times five it will output negative 15.
OK.
So we've also given you some skeleton code.
Let's take a look at it all right here we are at the exercise.
So this is the interactive components that py file under interactive components exercise and it's very
basic skeleton code basically you're going to do your imports launch the application and then set up
your dash layout.
We want to keep this really open for you.
And again the main idea here is that if you see a dashboard in real life or if you think of a dashboard
in your mind you're going to be able to recreate it by leveraging what you already know.
Along with examples in the documentation.
So remember in the guidebook or in the online search you can find the components page for dash all those
core components you're going to be using them.
You basically just need one for that range slider.
And then some output component that we've seen before that can just be in a simple div and you provide
that children string.
OK.
Best of luck with this exercise.
There's lots and lots of different ways to do it.
So keep in mind in the next lecture we're going to go over an example solution.
It's not the only way to solve this dashboard but it's one we're going to present for you.
OK.
We'll see if the next lecture where we go over the solution.